hi this is melissa with
projectnursery.com i'm here today with
one of our favorite brands skip hop and
we've come together to create four
fantastic nurseries based on the visions
of top designers bloggers and
celebrities so come on and let's take a
peek
okay room number 20 this two down this
is a bright cheery room now let's talk
about is it about happy girl happy but
let's talk about the designers and and
why we decided to involve you know talk
design bloggers sure much like project
nursery our skip hop customers and who
have come to our facebook and our
instagram we have people asking all the
time about nurseries and what to do and
these bloggers do a phenomenal job just
like you do on project nursery and one
of the fan favorites is ojo anyway and
that's joico out of los angeles and joy
created a bright cheery treetop nursery
nursery and this was actually
treetopolis her first choice and as you
can see she kept a wall color that
really popped and so no matter where you
live in the country or what time of year
you have your baby and your design in
your nursery this is a fantastic color
for you is actually a lemon meringue and
it's bright and happy and cheery can't
go wrong with it so let's take a closer
peek I am in love with the changer this
is actually my favorite piece that it's
being so far it's a great piece and you
know you can do if you're into DIY and
you want to make things really personal
this is a great changer to have because
you can easily change out the knobs the
base of it with the legs can be painted
a different color you can do a metallic
gold or silver or just another shade of
maybe you want to incorporate the yellow
so it's really easy to do another great
thing that makes your nursery kind of
look different every few months is
getting a new changing pad cover right
and I love how this
nating with treetop it does and you know
if you want a different kind of pop of
color you can go for a solid red or you
can go for green something else that's a
nice complementary color she took some
of our wall decals frame goes up again
which come in our complete room decor
sack which is a nice thing to have let's
take a look over here to in the nursing
done now this is one of my favorite
fighters from Monty design and it's
important to have you know a comfortable
area from on a baby with everything
within arm's reach the activities and
books so I want to mention now Joy's
known as a DIY she's kind of a DIY style
made them really exactly I mean she's if
you watch any of her videos she's making
different color pancake on dying in pain
this was a great thing if you haven't
seen that check that out leave it to joy
to do DIY project and this grip is from
up and the face of the crib was gilded
it painted in gold it's painted in all
our own Christi Farrington who manages
our website came in here and helped joy
out with her instructions to make sure
that the the base of the crib was done
in golden again with the yellow walls
and the different elements in here I
think it is fun it just I it's just a
little something unexpected exactly and
you can see it in the decals as well so
bringing in that gold element is on
a little bit different and I think
that's a nice twist that joy brought
into this nursery yes and you know a lot
of people when we see the decals are
really tight with the details
everything's on a tree and one of the
things that joy did was kind of explode
leaves and she incorporated some other
decal designs which were some white and
some gold which again pulled back to the
base of the crib and I think it looks
great so no matter what else you pick I
mean our treetop designs have a lot of
colors in it and what she did was give
you kind of this great campus which is
very artistic very abstract and which
shows you anything and she did she did
great so you think we can do this again
tomorrow I hear there's two more there's
two more we have two more great ones so
stay tuned check back on project nursery
com where we share two more fantastic
nurseries by the duo of layla grayce as
well as celebrity Tiffani Thiessen
you